ah
good morning we are here in the
consulting room
ricardo herrera milan and this
the avenue the experiences of cannons
paradise
There's been aragua
a surgeon
j
extensive experience
cancer treatment
i
sexual impotence frigidity reduction and
cellulite weight gain
of expression lines ovarian cysts
mammals acupuncture massages and therapies
rheumatism arthritis pain
we are going to interview him to make us
know in what way he is helping
this people
finished that they have been practically
evicted by traditional medicine
through
good morning doctor
good usually
for the whole
all this depends on the plants
to the patient
use by therapy
also flowers
reduced medicine abstract
as well
the patient usually 30
of house problems
in such practices
Who to contact when
and they are seen as an alternative as a
alternative to this kind of benzine almost
always not
that we were trying
they end cancer people who already have
arthritis that usually
so what we apply is to
person
of food is a habit of life
think less
so they can dissipate guns
and strong
I have no where to catch this I grab
the world is over and this is the
alternative that I want
and they take plant therapies
almost always
in five of the cases it is cured from 100
patients who become wrong
always 80 85 go to his natural life and he
they heal but the rest is because I do not know
they heal but they are people who come
trying and they are tired of living
Cancer starts when people
and vélez of former patients who
we try
of that we also apply a series of
therapies
students
I get it
they attend to patients at what time
attend to each inquiry
we are always
from 3
until 7 pm
to the patient from the medical point of view
natural liquor
rockies has at least
that the girl in diseases and
sick
only nature
what good good thank you very much for having
shared eyes
announced with us
where you can surely do
two